# Create an achievements-focused Experience section

To complete your Experience section, open up your resume and start copy-pasting each work experience into LinkedIn (in the same **reverse-chronological order**). Then, when you're done, **review these four things** to make sure that your Experience section is good to go.

1. **Make sure that each bullet point is on a separate line**, and that all descriptions are formatted correctly. LinkedIn occasionally messes up formatting when copy/pasting. 
2. **Copy/pasting errors are common**; read your project descriptions out loud to make sure that you didn't accidentally omit a word or punctuation mark.
3. **Don't add Microverse to the Experience section unless you were a code reviewer, project reviewer, or otherwise were a contractor for Microverse**! The LinkedIn Experience section is for work experiences. You can add internships or part-time jobs here, but listing Microverse here (unless you actually did work for Microverse) can lead a hiring manager to think that you're trying to purposefully mislead them. 
4. If you listed "Self-Employed Software Engineer" or similar as a job title in your resume, **just list "Software Engineer" in LinkedIn**. Instead, click the *"Employment type"* field and enter "Self-Employed" there. See the image below for an example.

![https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/817cf321-675e-4a5b-813c-5e24c10e9c89/Screen_Shot_2021-05-30_at_10.35.24_PM.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45O3KS52Y5%2F20210531%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20210531T033600Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=9ff7473a549f77d04be572719ad0b2b33e602d134f8efa26b2be473a060bf51e&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22Screen_Shot_2021-05-30_at_10.35.24_PM.png%22](https://s3.us-west-2.amazonaws.com/secure.notion-static.com/817cf321-675e-4a5b-813c-5e24c10e9c89/Screen_Shot_2021-05-30_at_10.35.24_PM.png?X-Amz-Algorithm=AWS4-HMAC-SHA256&X-Amz-Credential=AKIAT73L2G45O3KS52Y5%2F20210531%2Fus-west-2%2Fs3%2Faws4_request&X-Amz-Date=20210531T033600Z&X-Amz-Expires=86400&X-Amz-Signature=9ff7473a549f77d04be572719ad0b2b33e602d134f8efa26b2be473a060bf51e&X-Amz-SignedHeaders=host&response-content-disposition=filename%20%3D%22Screen_Shot_2021-05-30_at_10.35.24_PM.png%22)

### **If I have other experiences I didn't list on my resume, can I add them to LinkedIn?**

Sure! As we've mentioned, your resume is a **curated, 1-page document**, and that means you sometimes have to leave out less-important information. If you'd like to include them in your LinkedIn profile, **feel free to do so**. **However**, if you plan to add other experiences to your LinkedIn, [please return to the resume curriculum](https://microverse.pathwright.com/library/microverse-professional-development-37fa36d5/90738/path/step/68916281/) and review the lesson on how to write accomplishment-focused bullet points** so that project reviewers/career coaches are able to approve your LinkedIn quickly.
